so I finally got my hands on some
curlformers which I've been dying to try
so it only made sense for me to record
this video and show you guys how it
turned out on my type for natural hair
now let me be completely honest it does
take some getting used to
as far as hooking the hair and actually
pulling it through there was a couple
times that starting out that I've messed
up and I had to start over but after a
while I did get the hang of it and I was
just flying through putting these coffee
farmers in my hair so for starters what
I did was just go ahead and add some
hair mousse you can use whatever kind
that works for you or whatever that you
have in your stash but I use the argan
oil I think it's the cream of nature one
but I just went ahead to tangle my hair
in here I'm applying some eco styler gel
just to give my hair a little bit of
hold so what you'll do is take a small
section and your curl former and your
hook and just hook the root of your hair
and just pull it through now that's
pretty easy right no trust me when I say
it there is a method to this madness so
basically you take your craw former and
of course the hook you want you want to
twist the root of your hair like I'm
showing you here you want to twist the
root of your hair just to make that part
of your roots skinnier and slimmer to
fit through that hook and then you pull
it through that was the method that I
used and it worked out fine for me the
entire time
now that I'm almost done I have to say
honestly it took me about three hours to
get all these coffee farmers in my head
mainly it was because this is my first
time trying them out and there's
definitely a method to this madness if
anybody has tried the coffee farmers
there is definitely a technique but I
figured that after a while getting used
to them it would take me a lot less time
to get these in and now after all my
dancing and prancing showing you guys
with the back of it look like because I
will see I couldn't see it but I start
up under the dryer for thirty minutes
and then just left them in overnight I
have to say these things are not be
comfortable is to sleep in yeah just I'm
gonna just leave it at that they're not
that comfortable so basically removing
these car formers you just squeeze at
the root and just pull them down you
can't just like pull it straight out of
your head you have to exquisite
elaborate part to take them out
now this is what my hair looked like
before I separated the curls it was so
crazy because my hair felt so light and
it hasn't felt like that in so long like
back in my relaxed days and I love the
definition that it gave my hair I
haven't had curls in my hair like this
it's like I was like too needless to say
it still turned out pretty cute so I'm
basically wind what I had to figure out
was when you take take the curls apart
like separate them to try to make them
more volume more fullness you need to
turn the curl the way it was turning
inside the cuff on her and they I just
added a little bit of little frizz
control to the ends of my hair because I
think I should applied more gel or my
hold
so this is the final look and I hope you
guys enjoy thanks so much for watching
and don't forget to rate and subscribe
so I'll see you guys later